Add note about NFS UID and GUID requirements (#65149)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/snapshot-restore/register-repository.asciidoc

path or parent directory to the `path.repo` setting in `elasticsearch.yml` for
each master and data node. For running clusters, this requires a
<<restart-cluster-rolling,rolling restart>> of each node.

> [NOTE]
> ====
> When using NFS mounts make sure that all of the cluster nodes use the same UID and GUID numbers for the elasticsearch user, otherwise the repository verification will fail because of file permission mismatch when writing to the shared filesystem.
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion

IMPORTANT: If using a network file system (NFS) mount, use the same `elasticsearch`
user ID (UID) and group ID (GUID) across all nodes. Otherwise, mismatched file
permissions may cause write failures.

```

each master and data node. For running clusters, this requires a
<<restart-cluster-rolling,rolling restart>> of each node.

> IMPORTANT: If using a network file system (NFS) mount, use the same `elasticsearch`
> user ID (UID) and group ID (GUID) across all nodes. Otherwise, mismatched file
> permissions may cause write failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: By default, a network file system (NFS) uses user IDs (UIDs) and
group IDs (GIDs) to match accounts across nodes. If your shared file system is
an NFS and your nodes don't use the same UIDs and GIDs, update your NFS
configuration to account for this.
```
